[
“Live long and prosper!”
“What does God need with a starship?”
“Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.”
“Live now; make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.”
“Could you please continue the petty bickering? I find it most intriguing.”
“You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing as wanting. This is not logical, but it is often true.”
“Insufficient facts always invite danger.”
“I am a doctor, not a bricklayer.”
“Make it so!”
“Perhaps man wasn’t meant for paradise. Maybe he was meant to claw, to scratch all the way.”
“Well, I know this much: We can’t avoid the future.”
“Respect is earned, not bestowed.”
“I’m a doctor, not an escalator.” — Dr. McCoy
“Yes, sir. I am attempting to fill a silent moment with non-relevant conversation.”
“Flair is what marks the difference between artistry and mere competence.”
“The only person you’re truly competing against is yourself.”
“Dammit, Jim!”
“I am not a merry man.”
“Emotions are alien to me. I’m a scientist.”
“Fear is the true enemy. The only enemy.”
“In critical moments, men sometimes see exactly what they wish to see.”
“Compassion: That’s the one thing no machine ever had. Maybe it’s the one thing that keeps men ahead of them.”
“Sharing an orbit with God is no small experience.”
“I would gladly risk feeling bad at times if it also meant that I could taste my dessert.”
“I have been told that patience is sometimes a more effective weapon than the sword.”
“Change is the essential process of all existence.”
“Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.”
“I cannae change the laws of physics! I’ve got to have thirty minutes!”
“If we’re going to be damned, let’s be damned for what we really are.”
“Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them.”
“Leave bigotry in your quarters; there’s no room for it on the bridge.”
“The prejudices people feel about each other disappear when they get to know each other.”
“Things are only impossible until they are not.”
“I’m a doctor, not a mechanic.”
“If we resist, we die. If we don’t resist… we die.”
“Madness has no purpose. Or reason. But it may have a goal.”
“You mind your place, mister, or you’ll be wearing concrete galoshes.” 
“Confidence is faith in oneself. It can’t easily be given by another”
“Engage!”
“I have been and always shall be your friend.”
“A lie is a very poor way to say hello.”
“A species that enslaves other beings is hardly superior, mentally or otherwise.”
“Curious, how often you humans manage that which you do not want.”
“A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.”
“Humans do have an amazing capacity for believing what they choose — and excluding that which is painful.”
“It’s not safe out here. It’s wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross; but it’s not for the timid.”
“With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censored, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably.”
“You can use logic to justify almost anything. That’s its power. And its flaw.”
“Without followers, evil cannot spread.”
“They used to say that if man was meant to fly, he’d have wings. But he did fly. He discovered he had to.”
“When governments murder those who speak the truth, it is time to get new governments.”
“To all mankind: May we never find space so vast, planets so cold, heart and mind so empty, that we cannot fill them with love and warmth.”
]
